Open-Natural License

Copyright © 2020-2024 Jackson Cummings - TheDabCorner™ LLC.

Preamble
This license recognizes that mathematics and logic, as fundamental
components of nature, are beyond exclusive ownership. The software
covered by this license is a creative and intuitive expression by
the author, Jackson Cummings, implementing principles of
stoichiometry, mathematics, and logical reasoning. This document
establishes the terms under which this software may be used, copied,
and distributed.

Grant of License
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal with the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
all subject to the following conditions:

I. Non-Commercial Use:
   A. The above copyright notice and this permission notice must be
   included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
   B. If the Software is redistributed in a non-commercial context,
   the phrase "Powered by Decarboxulator™" must be prominently
   displayed in the product or service.

II. Commercial Use:
   A. Open Source Option:
      1. If the Software is used in a commercial product or service,
      the complete source code of that product or service must be made
      available to the public under this license or another permissive
      open source license approved by the Open Source Initiative (OSI).
      2. A notation "Powered by Decarboxulator™" must be prominently
      displayed in the product or service.

   B. Commercial License Option:
      1. Use of the Software in commercial products or services without
      disclosure of source code requires a commercial license obtained
      from the Licensor.
      2. Contact the Licensor at admin@thedabcorner.site for licensing
      options and fees.
      3. Redistribution of the Software, or any derivative works, in
      source or binary form, requires prior written consent from the
      Licensor.
      4. A notation "Powered by Decarboxulator™" must be prominently
      displayed in the product or service.

Warranty Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Trademark Notice
This license does not grant any rights in the trademarks, service
marks, brand names, or logos of TheDabCorner™ LLC or Decarboxulator™.

Termination
This license is subject to termination if its terms are violated.
Upon termination, all rights granted under this license will cease
immediately without notice from the Licensor. Following termination,
re-acquisition of licensing rights requires express written consent
from the Licensor. The Licensor reserves the right to modify or
revoke the licenses of any third parties who have received copies or
derivative works of the Software from you, to protect the Licensor's
interests.
